[music]
hello everyone with you aurum and today i
I am in the account of the village where
there are seven thousand nine hundred forty four
game as you see with the name of the movie I
I want to play this village in a competition
that is, it will be presented to someone from
you are actually the story of this village
very long, I personally did not buy here
where we are and by whom and here bought
completely different person to whom i am
Miraculously came out I know about that well
how would I know for a long time about what is
people who like to sell gems cheaper
what they cost the store I do not know how
way it happens but it's a fact I already
repeatedly it came across that is
I know that many players buy gems
it is in people and in fact that’s how it is
So
and here I came across such a person
I was naturally given recommendations about him
that is, I would simply not cooperate with him
if no one gave a recommendation he
he was advised that is rude
saying from him where we bought
people will become tenths quiet therefore in
Generally fear for their villages
as if not worth it but on the other hand I
just asked to be funny and
and created an account from scratch in general just
from scratch and asked him to pour and themes
so that there were at least builders in the end he
even exceeded the norm here we look at
amount of genes i'm now course now
buy right now
again houses builders here two times and
i.e. all principle is cool five houses
builders of his hang le prikolno and 4444
the demon is actually some kind of fate
honestly i didn't pick it up think he too
that is, what is the meaning of competition competition
banal I do not know how simple it is
so spontaneously happened therefore
no competition
I did not invent the original all that you
You need to do this by clicking on the link
my page on the page of my public
in to ride the light repost with this video then
there will be a post with in public
detailed contest rules need
subscribe to my group do repost
in general, everything is as usual after that
there will be a random winner and
account will be transferred want to note
that nick here is pretty funny I him
he came up with you will you
don't see certainly not to because he is in
I don’t know security in order to
this person up to 5 tons x did not dig out
that he type won to but so on but
he does not want to say that they are natural
can be changed when you download and up to 5
t x and I think in principle generally cool y
you will be four 4444 heme and 5
builders at the beginning of the game according to my dream
what really is that i have my five
builders in my got on I already on
seventh type here they are all at once that is
such a major house and those who want to
zero start playing clash at all
the very thing I have not once said that
will play with me again
created a village already spelled videos but
they will be published a little field
a little bit later, that's actually still
once the competition go to public
VKontakte do repost with this video and
with descriptions of the rules
subscribe to the group yes and how would you
so all the competition will last exactly
week that is next sunday we
let's sum up too randomly here
Well, the village will be transferred to them
will change on the fifth you even with the village
will be transferred to this lucky one
another moment that the village is on android like
seems so he actually I do not know
how do i give the village on android
next will you want perry straight perry
tying perry tie her on
Iyos that is not a principle do not care
Well, for people who want to buy
the gene is so small lyrical
reference retreat is also under
do not take this video as hard
advertising advertising is not just hard
the man gave me an account at all
Well that's donated more accurately demon
the account is absolutely free
can't share not share it
Reference I would like to clarify that
turning to him you are turning to your
fear and risk so if you are afraid
somehow lose your account
losing money is still something just does not
probably not to pay that I can not
nothing to guarantee I want to say that
he has recommendations
I will also buy gems from him now
will deal with the second account you're on
the main probably I will of course
buy gems but about it will
separate video why am i doing i'm up
9 tx did not buy at all did not spend
money clash and that's why something like this
if you have questions write him a nickname then
there is
I will say that the prices
two times cheaper than in the store in general
something like this and i'm waiting
the winner of this competition is literally
in a week we will find out who this
lucky and I hope it again
would be glad of such a village with you was aurum
Thank you all for watching the likes and
subscribe to the channel
of
[music]